dress up with Olivia hi there I'm Olivia
would you like to play dress-up with me
click the green play arrow to start rule
of life number 470 to every day is a
good day to play dress-up let's get
started first click on where we should
go next pick what you want me to wear
click on clothes to pick them up then
click on me to dress me up you can add
all kinds of other super fun stuff -
just click something to pick it up then
click again to put it wherever you want
click these green arrows to find more
places close or fun stuff if you want to
take something away click on it to pick
it up then click here click on the
trashcan if you want to start over when
you're all finished click done ok it's
time to play come on let's have some fun
the Opera how fancy I love fancy ooh I'm
on the moon the beach Fun in the Sun
don't forget the sunblock look I'm in
the Egyptian desert my bedroom
close a beret but I love it
a painter's outfit I like that super fun
stuff a paintbrush a great job a paint
palette I love it
my dog Perry but you are great at this -
my cat Edwin but nice click on the trash
can if you want to start over my
favorite doll the perfect
when you thanks for dressing me up so
nicely click on the printer to print me
out along with the picture you made
click the back button to go back and
change your picture click play again to
start over